Add tips to speed up indexation and remove crashes (#1231)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/under_the_hood/indexation.md

2. Indexation is a memory-intensive and multi-threaded operation. This means that **the more memory and processor cores available, the faster MeiliSearch will index new documents**. In general, using a machine with many processor cores will be more effective than increasing RAM.

3. **Bigger HTTP payloads are processed more quickly than smaller payloads**. For example, adding the same 100,000 documents in two batches of 50,000 documents will be quicker than in four batches of 25,000 documents. By default, MeiliSearch sets the maximum payload size to 100MB, but [you can change this value if necessary](/reference/features/configuration.md#payload-limit-size). That said, **the bigger the payload, the higher the memory consumption**. An instance may crash if it requires more RAM than is currently available in a machine.

4. **MeiliSearch should not be your main database**. By this we mean you should only index documents you want to retrieve when searching. The more documents you add, the longer will indexation and search take.

> 5. By default, all the fields of your documents are considered as "searchable". We strongly recommend changing this by [setting the `searchablaAttributes`](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/searchable_attributes.html#update-searchable-attributes) with the exhaustive list of fields you want to search in. The fewer fields MeiliSearch needs to index, the faster is the indexation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, all document fields are searchable. We strongly recommend changing this by [updating the `searchableAttributes` list](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/searchable_attributes.html#update-searchable-attributes) so it only contains fields you want to search in. The fewer fields MeiliSearch needs to index, the faster is the indexation process.
```

For example, if indexing the `id` and `genre` fields has little impact on the quality of your search, adding only `title` and `author` to `searchableAttributes` will increase indexation speed:

```json
[
  { "id": 1, "title": "Pride and Prejudice", "author": "Jane Austin", "genre": "romance" },
  { "id": 2, "title": "Le Petit Prince", "author": "Antoine de Saint-Exupéry", "genre": "adventure" }
]
```

> 6. When creating a new index, first [configure its settings](/reference/features/settings.md) and only then add your documents. Following this order will significantly reduce indexation time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When creating a new index, first [configure its settings](/reference/features/settings.md) and only then add your documents. Following this order will significantly reduce indexation time
```

> 7. Since indexation speed is tightly connected to the size of your payload, using lightweight dataset formats such as CSV and NDJSON can lead to increased performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since indexation speed is tightly connected to the size of your payload, using lightweight dataset formats such as CSV and NDJSON can lead to increased performance
```

> 8. Always prefer machines using SSDs (Solid State Drives). We strongly recommend not running MeiliSearch in HDDs (Hard Disk Drives).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prefer machines using SSDs (Solid State Drives). We strongly recommend not running MeiliSearch in HDDs (Hard Disk Drives).
```

For example, with the following documents, you only need to put `title` and `author` as `searchableAttributes`, because you might not want to perform the search in `id` or `genre` fields.

```json
[
  { "id": 1, "title": "Pride and Prejudice", "author": "Jane Austin", "genre": "romance" },
  { "id": 2, "title": "Le Petit Prince", "author": "Antoine de Saint-Exupéry", "genre": "adventure" }
]
```

- The first time you push your documents, we recommend pushing your settings first, and then, add your documents. Not the contrary. It will drastically decrease the time of indexation. `searchableAttributes` described in the previous point is part of these settings.

- Since indexation speed is tightly connected to the size of your payload, using lightweight dataset formats such as CSV and NDJSON can lead to increased performance. Be aware converting your JSON dataset into CSV will not work for array and objects fields.

- Do not run MeiliSearch in machine using a HDD (Hard Disk Drive). Most of the recent cloud providers do not offer this kind of service anymore, but it can still happen.

> - Ensure your cloud provider does not limit your I/O operations, like AWS does with their [Amazon EBS service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html) for example.

Author: Are you sure you want to remove the link? We already have issues with this specific amazon service

> - Ensure your cloud provider does not limit your I/O operations, like AWS does with their [Amazon EBS service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html) for example.

Reviewer: Got it. How about this? 

```suggestion
-   Ensure there are no limit to I/O operations in your machine. The restrictions imposed by cloud providers such as [AWS's Amazon EBS service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html#IOcredit) can severely impact indexation performance
```

I added an anchor link to what I think is the relevant header; let me know if I got the wrong section.

- By default, all the fields of your documents are considered as "searchable". We strongly recommend changing this by [setting the `searchablaAttributes`](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/searchable_attributes.html#update-searchable-attributes) with the exhaustive list of fields you want to search in. The less there are fields to index, the more the indexation time will decrease.
For example, with the following documents, you only need to put `title` and `author` as `searchableAttributes`, because you might not want to perform the search in `id` or `genre` fields.

```json
[
  { "id": 1, "title": "Pride and Prejudice", "author": "Jane Austin", "genre": "romance" },
  { "id": 2, "title": "Le Petit Prince", "author": "Antoine de Saint-Exupéry", "genre": "adventure" }
]
```

- The first time you push your documents, we recommend pushing your settings first, and then, add your documents. Not the contrary. It will drastically decrease the time of indexation. `searchableAttributes` described in the previous point is part of these settings.

> - Since indexation speed is tightly connected to the size of your payload, using lightweight dataset formats such as CSV and NDJSON can lead to increased performance. Be aware converting your JSON dataset into CSV will not work for array fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Since indexation speed is tightly connected to the size of your payload, using lightweight dataset formats such as CSV and NDJSON can lead to increased performance. Be aware converting your JSON dataset into CSV will not work for array and objects fields.
```

- Do not run MeiliSearch in machine using a HDD (Hard Disk Drive). Most of the recent cloud providers do not offer this kind of service anymore, but it can still happen.

- Ensure your cloud provider does not limit your I/O operations, like AWS does with their [Amazon EBS service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-volume-types.html) for example.

## Memory crashes

In some cases, MeiliSearch can be stopped by the OS. Most of these crashes happen during indexation and are a result of a machine running out of RAM. This happens when your computer does not have enough memory to process your dataset.

> Additionally, indexation uses disk space. MeiliSearch may also crash if it runs out of disk space while indexing new documents.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, indexation uses disk space. MeiliSearch can throw an error if it runs out of disk space while indexing new documents.
```

Author: Since it's not a crash issue anymore, I remove the complete sentence

> The core team is aware of these issues. We are sorry for this and we are doing our best to constantly fix these problems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The core team is aware of these issues. We are sorry for this and we are doing our best to fix these problems.
```
